hi I'm Maria dancing heart the author of
the last adventure of life an
inspirational resource book for
end-of-life care and I've done
bereavement and spiritual counseling
with hospice for many years and some
people say this book is a wonderful
introduction to hospice some people ask
me if I have encountered any mystical
experiences through my Hospice and I
love that question because yes of course
I've experienced many many mystical
experiences through hospice work in fact
one of the mottos I like to refer to is
there is so much more than meets the eye
there's really so much more than meets
the eye in this world we what we see and
can touch and feel is only a tip of the
iceberg
you know but one story that comes to
mind is when I went in to visit the
gentleman who was maybe two or three
weeks close to dying and after we had
engaged in conversation for a few
minutes he asked me who was that woman
who came in with you and I was at a loss
for words because I was not aware of
anyone else who had come into the room
with him or with me but I concluded that
there must have been some kind of being
some angelic being or perhaps his spirit
guide who came in with me to make their
appearance to him and for whatever
reason they must have decided that that
was a good time to connect with him and
then another story I remember is from
when I visited a young man he was only
50 wonderful man who had a heart
condition and he said that many times
during his life he knew he was fine but
people around him were concerned that he
was dying well this time he knew he was
dying and that's why he had come on to
our hospice and after he and I had
several visits he did die he was very
close to his death and he was very
inspirational to talk with and one of
the things he told me about was that he
and his wife had visited a person who
could read spiritual energy off of a
person and had given them some wonderful
advice before he died he had had a
wonderfully laughing and humorous time
with his guides whereas his wife had had
a very somber time and kind of a time of
grief and tears with her guides because
they were telling her that indeed it was
his time and that she must get herself
ready for letting him go well after he
died I went to this same woman who they
had gone to for a spiritual advice if
you will or spiritual reading it was my
birthday time and I thought I would
treat myself to something new you know
and I was wondering what would what
would come of this well as soon as we
got into the session the gentleman who
had just died came through and he shared
that he was very grateful for the
bereavement work that I was doing with
his wife and indeed I had been visiting
her and offering her comfort and the
next thing he did was to share with me
some spiritual advice he had for a
situation I had with a colleague that
was a little bit difficult so I was very
grateful to receive this this insight
and then the handwriting the the woman
was doing automatic writing the
handwriting of the woman changed and
this time it was clear that my mother
was coming through well my mother had
died about six or seven years ago and
her first comment was something like a
long time no talk or a long time no see
and I got better emotional you know
thinking that here was my mother who who
I had sensed and seen in my dreams but I
had never had direct contact like that
with her and the next thing the the gal
said who was doing the reading she said
I'm getting something about a
miscarriage this is rather personal but
you ever had a miscarriage and I said no
but I said I remembered that my mother
had a miscarriage much later in life we
were three girls and then she had had a
miscarriage
and she had told us about it so she then
the gal said okay let's go with that
well the next thing she wrote was I've
met my son I've met my son on the other
side and she proceeded to explain that
those who try to make it in or attempt
to come in and don't make it either
through a miscarriage or an abortion or
however that might happen they continued
to grow and to evolve on the other side
kind of as if in a parallel way as if
they had been born and then she
proceeded to share what my brother
looked like and what his name was and
the fact that he was one of my
bereavement guides and you know from
that day on something really shifted in
me because I I had always sensed that
through hospice work especially that
there was so much more than meets the
eye but then to learn that my own unborn
brother was one of my guides and with me
you know on a regular basis this was
profound and this totally changed my
life and truly made me a believer in the
fact that there is yet so much to be
explored in this world